# ee352-lab-4-solved
**TO GET THIS SOLUTION VISIT:** [EE352 Lab 4 Solved](https://www.ankitcodinghub.com/product/ee352-lab-4-solved/)


---

📩 **If you need this solution or have special requests:** **Email:** ankitcoding@gmail.com  
📱 **WhatsApp:** +1 419 877 7882  
📄 **Get a quote instantly using this form:** [Ask Homework Questions](https://www.ankitcodinghub.com/services/ask-homework-questions/)

*We deliver fast, professional, and affordable academic help.*

---

<h2>Description</h2>



<div class="kk-star-ratings kksr-auto kksr-align-center kksr-valign-top" data-payload="{&quot;align&quot;:&quot;center&quot;,&quot;id&quot;:&quot;94338&quot;,&quot;slug&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;valign&quot;:&quot;top&quot;,&quot;ignore&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;reference&quot;:&quot;auto&quot;,&quot;class&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;count&quot;:&quot;0&quot;,&quot;legendonly&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;readonly&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;score&quot;:&quot;0&quot;,&quot;starsonly&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;best&quot;:&quot;5&quot;,&quot;gap&quot;:&quot;4&quot;,&quot;greet&quot;:&quot;Rate this product&quot;,&quot;legend&quot;:&quot;0\/5 - (0 votes)&quot;,&quot;size&quot;:&quot;24&quot;,&quot;title&quot;:&quot;EE352 Lab 4 Solved&quot;,&quot;width&quot;:&quot;0&quot;,&quot;_legend&quot;:&quot;{score}\/{best} - ({count} {votes})&quot;,&quot;font_factor&quot;:&quot;1.25&quot;}">

<div class="kksr-stars">

<div class="kksr-stars-inactive">
            <div class="kksr-star" data-star="1" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" data-star="2" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" data-star="3" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" data-star="4" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" data-star="5" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
    </div>

<div class="kksr-stars-active" style="width: 0px;">
            <div class="kksr-star" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>


<div class="kksr-legend" style="font-size: 19.2px;">
            <span class="kksr-muted">Rate this product</span>
    </div>
    </div>
<div class="page" title="Page 1">
<div class="layoutArea">
<div class="column">
In this week, we continue amplitude modulation with double sideband suppressed carrier amplitude mod- ulation (DSB-SC AM) method. In laboratory works, we will construct the message and carrier signals as we did in the previous labworks. In order to construct a signal in Matlab, it is essential to generate a time vector by using various parameters such as the sampling period (Ts) which is given by Ts = 1/fs where fs is the sampling frequency, message frequency (fm) and the signal duration (t). Then, the message and carrier signals can be generated by using this time vector.

In DSB-SC AM, the modulated signal is created by using a product modulator that multiplies the message signal with a carrier wave. As a result, the phase of modulated signal is reversed each time message signal crosses zero. Therefore, the DSB-SC modulated signal has a different envelope than the message signal and we should observe this in the labwork.

In demodulation part of the lab, a coherent detection is employed to recover the message signal from DSB-SC modulated signal. Modulated signal is multiplied with a sinusoidal wave coherent/synchronized with the carrier wave and filtered to obtain the message signal. The overall block diagram of DSB-SC modulation and demodulation is given in Figure 1.

Figure 1: DSB-SC Modulation and Demodulation System Design

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="page" title="Page 2">
<div class="layoutArea">
<div class="column">
EE 352 – Lab 4: Double Sideband Supressed Carrier Modulation and Demodulation

</div>
</div>
<div class="layoutArea">
<div class="column">
2 Labwork

Read the preliminaries given above carefully before doing the experiment given below.

2.1 DSB-SC Modulation

<ol>
<li>Construct a message signal m(t) = cos(2πfmt) where fm = 100Hz and a carrier signal c(t) = cos(2πfct) where fc = 1kHz. The sampling frequency is fs = 100kHz and the durations of the both signals (m(t) and c(t)) is 0.08 s.</li>
<li>Employ the DSB-SC modulation for message signal m(t).</li>
<li>Plot m(t), c(t) and the modulatedsignals in time domain in the same figure using the subplot( )
function.
</li>
<li>Plot the message and modulated signal in the frequency domain in the same figure using the subplot(
) function. Comment on the frequency content and magnitude of the obtained signal.
</li>
</ol>
2.2 DSB-SC Demodulation

<ol>
<li>The overall DSB-SC system is presented in Figure 1. Follow the block diagram to obtain the demod- ulated signal v(t) (before filtering). (Hint: Pay attention to the magnitude of your signals and adjust your operations accordingly.)</li>
<li>Plot the frequency response of v(t). Comment on the frequency content and magnitude of the obtained signal.</li>
<li>Construct a non-ideal low pass filter (LPF) by using butter() function to obtain the message signal. Choose the cut-off frequency and filter order accordingly. Comment on your filter design.</li>
<li>Plot the recovered signal after filtering, vo(t), in time and frequency domain using subplot() function. Compare and comment on the frequency content and magnitude of the obtained signal.</li>
</ol>
</div>
</div>
</div>
